1.Write a Bug Report for a bug in the Whatsapp mobile application that is preventing users from sending video files in 
group chats.

 Defect ID-Id of the defect 
 Defect Title-Sending video files is not working only in Whats app group chat 
 Defect Description-Whatsapp mobile application that is preventing users from sending video files in 
group chats.
 Steps to Reproduce-
1. open the whats app application in ur mobile
2. In chats tab select the group chat
3.select on attachment icon and select gallery 
4.choose any video file and click on send icon
Actual Result-Whatsapp mobile application that is preventing users from sending video files in 
group chats.
Expected result-Whatsapp mobile application should not prevent the users from sending video files in 
group chats.
 Environment-Testing Environment
 Severity and Priority- Medium and high
 Evidence - Need to add attachment for the bug

2.Write a bug report for a bug in the login page that the submit button is not working.

 Defect ID-Id of the defect 
 Defect Title-Submit button is not working in login page
 Description-login page-submit button is not working.
 Steps to Reproduce-
1. Launch the URL of the application
2. Login page should be displayed
3. Enter username and password
4. Click on submit button
Actual Result-Submit button is not working in login page
Expected result-Submit button should work in login page
 Environment-Testing Environment
 Severity and Priority- critical and critical
 Evidence - Need to add attachment for the bug

3.Write a bug report for any scenario of your own in wats app
Defect ID-Id of the defect 
 Defect Title-Search icon is not working
 Defect Description-In Whatsapp mobile application search icon is not working
 Steps to Reproduce-
1. open the whats app application in ur mobile
2. Select search icon
3. Enter the text to be search
Actual Result-Search icon is not working
Expected result-Whatsapp mobile application search icon is not working
 Environment-Testing Environment
 Severity and Priority- Low and Medium
 Evidence - Need to add attachment for the bug

4.Write a few testcases for booking tickers in redbus.
Verify https://www.redbus.in/bus-tickets ticket booking website is loading properly or not.
Verify on filling bus details like From stop, To stop, Departure date, list of available buses are displayed.
Verify that users can search for Bus by name, from-to Stop for checking their status and timings.
Verify that search results have Bus details, timings and availability.
Verify that clicking the search results open complete details for Bus.
Verify user is able to see available seats in a bus.
Verify that the pricing of different types of seats in a bus is displayed to the users.
Verify User is able to select single or more than one seat.

5.Write a bug report for profile picture not updated in whatsapp.
Defect ID-Id of the defect 
 Defect Title-profile picture not updated in whatsapp 
 Defect Description-profile picture not updated in whatsapp
group chats.
 Steps to Reproduce-
1. open the whats app application in ur mobile
2. select 3 dots from the right cornor
3. Select setting from the list
4. upload profile picture
Actual Result-profile picture not updated in whatsapp
Expected result-profile picture should be updated in whatsapp
 Environment-Testing Environment
 Severity and Priority- medium and high
 Evidence - Need to add attachment for the bug

6.Write a Bug Report for a bug in the Amazon website that is preventing users from adding Electronic items in the cart.
Defect ID-Id of the defect 
 Defect Title-Amazon website that is preventing users from adding Electronic items in the cart.
 Defect Description-Amazon website that is preventing users from adding Electronic items in the cart.
 Steps to Reproduce-
1. open the amazon website
2. In home page search the electronic item you what to add in cart
3. click on add to cart button
Actual Result-Amazon website that is preventing users from adding Electronic items in the cart
Expected result-Amazon website should not prevent users from adding Electronic items in the cart
 Environment-Testing Environment
 Severity and Priority- medium and high
 Evidence - Need to add attachment for the bug

7.Write any 5 Negative testcases.
1.Try to enter an invalid email id in the email field
2.Try to enter an invalid phone number in a phone number field (characters)
3.Upload image with size out of specified boundary
4.Upload invalid files like XML, SQL, etc. files in image upload field
5.Enter characters that are not allowed in an input field

8.Write a few test cases for the IRCTC Web Application.
1.To Verify for the successful launching of the application
2.To Verify for thesuccessful loginof the user
3.To verify for the display of "Plan my Travel"screen along with following
From edit field & "Fetch Station code" button at the right side of edit field
by default"Enter City Name" message should be displayed inside From edit field.
To edit field & "Fetch Station code" button at the right side of edit field, 
by default "Enter City Name" message should be displayed inside To edit field.
 Date field & "Open to calender" button at the right side of Date field.
4.verify for the"From edit field" not to accept an empty field
5. To vefify for the date field not to accept theinvalid date

9. Write a few test cases for the SpiceJet Web Application.
Verify that the SpiceJet home page is accessible to the user.
Verify that clicking on the header links the page is navigated to an appropriate page.
Verify that place the mouse pointer over the login guest login section is displayed to the user.
Verify the functionality of “guest” section on the login pop up.
Verify the functionality of “agent” section on the login pop up
Verify the functionality of “corporate” section on the login pop up.
Logout link is displayed to the user when user login in to the application.
Verify that the content in the login pop up is valid.
Verify that clicking on “View our latest schedules” link the page is navigated to SpiceJet schedules page.

10.Create 10 test case for amazon Website view
Check whether the Shopping Cart button is seen on the product display page.
Check whether the quantity of the product increases when Adding one item to the cart.
Check whether the quality is increased when adding the same item to the cart.
Check whether the quantity is decreased when removing some items from the cart.
Check whether the confirmation message is displayed or not when the user adds any item to the cart successfully.
Check whether all the items added to the cart show in proper sequence.
Check whether the application is calculating the shipping charges, tax, packing price etc as expected.

 